# Neural Network Trainging Data Generator

This code requires NumPy, Pickle, Math, and Random.

Generate batches of TicTacToe Neural Network training data using the generatedata.py script. Neural Network training data consist of a gameboard position as the input, and a desired next move as the output. Batches of data are saved for every 5000 positions. Samples of these data are located in the folder "SampleData". Input positions are generated by playing up to 200,000 individual games. Each game involves one random player against another. Games are not duplicated. Once the games are played, individual positions are pulled from each game (there could be many duplicates of each position). Each position becomes the input data for the Neural Network. The desired output is generated by running the recursive Minimax algorithm that chooses the best possible move by performing a depth-first search on each game tree for any given position. This algorithm ensures that not only the best move is chose, but the fastest winning move is preferred over slower winning moves. Memoization was included in the algorithm to drastically reduce the time complexity algorithm (one estimate had the improvement at 50,000x). Inputs and desired outputs are stored in pairs to feed into the Neural Network.

The script tttneuralnet.py creates a new neural network and trains it with input data. Training was unsuccessful. Possible alterations may include changes to the topology of the Neural Network or changes to the training data (such as normalization). 
